override max?
copy to clipboard
download results
autocomplete
fix table header maybe by using flex, right now words are wrapped for no good reason
pagination?
make chart type configurable
maybe highlight the current file in the saved tab
use caching headers on js and css and html
cache js, css and html at class level instead of instance
use weak references to keep track of all clients. close connections on server shutdown?
display error on structure tab if no schemas are returned
show a helpful message when no saved files are found or when the directory doesn't exist
switch to typescript
add prometheus metrics
add error reporting
cache saved files
add padding inside select list, longest name overlaps scrollbar
put current structure table and schema in url params?
add github action to update deps or enable dependabot
make status have a tooltip with the full error.
add a tooltip to execute buttons ;)
make "check console" a link that opens the console?
add keyboard focus order
maybe move db list into app
test:
 - executing when viewing a file after changing selection
 - executing when viewing a file after changing query
 - back clears query and updates tab
 - changing tabs while querying
 - submitting an empty query
 - submitting a new query while waiting for another, cancels and submits the new query
 - a db config without a table lists all tables in the structure tab and can be queried
 - test params for file queries
 - tabbing between tabs, the editor and the various buttons
 - copy to clipboard, first js unit test
maybe add support for tags on database config to easily see production vs staging for instance
add a help tab
send client errors to the server, at least log them
add copy query to clipboard button
browser notifications when query completes
resizable columns
copy cell contents for really long cells that can't be highlighted
the editor is too short on a large screen. it should be a percentage
warn when closing the browser with unsaved changes? what do other sites do?
notify user if a query completes while on the saved or structure tab
remove all containers script
move from docker make targets into own Makefile
move local make targets into own Makefile
break javascript into modules
javascript unit tests
add images to README
server unit tests
run test coverage
write a better SQL parser
does the server have to be static?
shutting down via ctrl-c messes up the console
move logs to file during test
use sqlui version as query param to css and js. Send in all json requests. Return an error if versions mismatch and tell the user to restart.
In development use version plus timestamp when server starts. Add a heartbeat to the app which autoreloads on version mismatch.
check whether current master is green before releasing
allow a sql result to link to sqlui urls. maybe this is the start of some built-in functions.
set a cookie for current default submit button
favicon
better 404 page
custom autocomplete, think joining subs with orders with payments, etc.
custom column name matchers which cause cells to by hyperlinked
the case where a user types "select table.foo from table t". the alias breaks the select
if table aliases aren't enabled, we don't need to override autocomplete
specify a list of frequently used tables so that their sort can be boosted, maintain order with different boosts
make query endpoint a get and use same encoding as download
stream query results like we do for download and render as rows are returned
the timer hangs when rendering a large number of rows. Note that the animation does not hang. Maybe need a css timer. See https://codepen.io/kindofone/pen/DddNdL and https://bashooka.com/coding/40-css-javascript-animated-countdown-timer-examples/
